# 1. Hello, World

## package fmt
This package contains functions like Println.

## package main
Function main is where the execution of the program begins. Main will call functions from other packages.
### Note: must import packages used by the program

## declarations
func, var, const, type
A function declaration consists of keyword func, name of function, parameter list (empty for main), a result list (empty), and body of the function (enclosed in braces)

## Semantics
- Semicolons only required when two or more statements/declarations appear on the same line.
- New line can occur after the operator but not before (ex. x + y)

## Run Instructions
Make sure you're in this repo in your terminal and run the below commands.
```
cd Chapter1-Tutorial
go run helloworld.go
```
You should see Hello, world print in your terminal.

# 2. Command-Line Arguments
## package os
Can access command line arguments in program using os.Args, which returns a slice of strings (similar to lists or arrays in other languages).

## Run Instructions
```
go run echo1.go words you want to print
```
You can play around with this by replacing "words you want to print" with whatever you like.

## Loops
The for loop is the only loop statement in Go
```
for initialization; condition; post {
    // zero or more statements
}
```
A traditional while loop would be as follows:
```
for condition {
    // ...
}
```

## The blank identifier: _
The underscore can be used when syntax requires a variable name but the program logic does not, like in the case of our echo program, echo2.go consists of the improvement.
```
go run echo2.go words you want to print
```

## Efficiency concern with string += string
This creates a new string each time and would be costly for large data. 
Use the strings.Join method as follows:
```
func main() {
    fmt.Println(strings.Join(os.Args[1:], " "))
    // or for debugging (and no specific formatting)
    // fmt.Println(os.Args[1:])
}
```

